start with a warm-up it could be a walk
a run or even a hot shower but the more
specific you get with your warm-up the
more effective it's going to be cosac
switches just like these keep the inner
thighs under a constant stretch while
flexing them at the same time which
makes it a great warm-up exercise 30
reps is enough to make you sweat and
want to cry so if you're first starting
maybe start with 10 to 15 reps now
here's the meat of your workout stretch
as far out as you can comfortably go
with no pain and squeeze the legs hold
for a full 30 seconds if you're Advanced
you can be as low as this and if you're
just starting it might look like this
which is okay either way it's
ridiculously hard if you haven't started
already you're definitely sweating by
this point now that the body is fully
warm and the hard part is over you'll
probably be able to get to the deepest
straddle you've ever held before hold it
for 30 seconds if you do this
combination of warm up then active then
passive stretching you'll be making
flexibility gains far faster than
anybody else out there stay Flexi